LARGE CONTENT FILE FOR TERMINAL TESTING
========================================

SECTION 1: SHORT LINES
----------------------
Short line 1
Short line 2
Short line 3
Short line 4
Short line 5
Short line 6
Short line 7
Short line 8
Short line 9
Short line 10
Short line 11
Short line 12
Short line 13
Short line 14
Short line 15

SECTION 2: MEDIUM LINES
-----------------------
Medium length line 1 with some additional content
Medium length line 2 with some additional content
Medium length line 3 with some additional content
Medium length line 4 with some additional content
Medium length line 5 with some additional content
Medium length line 6 with some additional content
Medium length line 7 with some additional content
Medium length line 8 with some additional content
Medium length line 9 with some additional content
Medium length line 10 with some additional content
Medium length line 11 with some additional content
Medium length line 12 with some additional content
Medium length line 13 with some additional content
Medium length line 14 with some additional content
Medium length line 15 with some additional content

SECTION 3: LONG LINES
---------------------
Long line 1 that contains quite a bit more text and should definitely wrap around in smaller terminal windows, testing the line wrapping and horizontal scrolling capabilities
Long line 2 that contains quite a bit more text and should definitely wrap around in smaller terminal windows, testing the line wrapping and horizontal scrolling capabilities
Long line 3 that contains quite a bit more text and should definitely wrap around in smaller terminal windows, testing the line wrapping and horizontal scrolling capabilities
Long line 4 that contains quite a bit more text and should definitely wrap around in smaller terminal windows, testing the line wrapping and horizontal scrolling capabilities
Long line 5 that contains quite a bit more text and should definitely wrap around in smaller terminal windows, testing the line wrapping and horizontal scrolling capabilities
Long line 6 that contains quite a bit more text and should definitely wrap around in smaller terminal windows, testing the line wrapping and horizontal scrolling capabilities
Long line 7 that contains quite a bit more text and should definitely wrap around in smaller terminal windows, testing the line wrapping and horizontal scrolling capabilities
Long line 8 that contains quite a bit more text and should definitely wrap around in smaller terminal windows, testing the line wrapping and horizontal scrolling capabilities
Long line 9 that contains quite a bit more text and should definitely wrap around in smaller terminal windows, testing the line wrapping and horizontal scrolling capabilities
Long line 10 that contains quite a bit more text and should definitely wrap around in smaller terminal windows, testing the line wrapping and horizontal scrolling capabilities
Long line 11 that contains quite a bit more text and should definitely wrap around in smaller terminal windows, testing the line wrapping and horizontal scrolling capabilities
Long line 12 that contains quite a bit more text and should definitely wrap around in smaller terminal windows, testing the line wrapping and horizontal scrolling capabilities
Long line 13 that contains quite a bit more text and should definitely wrap around in smaller terminal windows, testing the line wrapping and horizontal scrolling capabilities
Long line 14 that contains quite a bit more text and should definitely wrap around in smaller terminal windows, testing the line wrapping and horizontal scrolling capabilities
Long line 15 that contains quite a bit more text and should definitely wrap around in smaller terminal windows, testing the line wrapping and horizontal scrolling capabilities

SECTION 4: MIXED CONTENT
------------------------
• Bullet point 1
• Bullet point 2 with more text
• Bullet point 3 with even more text that might wrap

Code block example:
fn main() {
    println!("Hello, world!");
}

SECTION 5: NUMBERED CONTENT
---------------------------
 1. Item number 1 in the list
 2. Item number 2 in the list
 3. Item number 3 in the list
 4. Item number 4 in the list
 5. Item number 5 in the list
 6. Item number 6 in the list
 7. Item number 7 in the list
 8. Item number 8 in the list
 9. Item number 9 in the list
10. Item number 10 in the list
11. Item number 11 in the list
12. Item number 12 in the list
13. Item number 13 in the list
14. Item number 14 in the list
15. Item number 15 in the list
16. Item number 16 in the list
17. Item number 17 in the list
18. Item number 18 in the list
19. Item number 19 in the list
20. Item number 20 in the list
21. Item number 21 in the list
22. Item number 22 in the list
23. Item number 23 in the list
24. Item number 24 in the list
25. Item number 25 in the list

END OF FILE
Total lines: approximately 100+
